README.md, before:

# Movie-Trailer-Website

Python based webpage that displays my favorite movies. Once compiled, a static HTML file is created and can be launched independently to view the website.

**Overview**

This Python program will create a website with my favorite 
Movie Trailer's when you run the media center file in 
Python's IDLE. After the program is run for the first time,
you will find an HTML file in the same folder as the program.
Launching this HTML file in your favorite browser such as
Mozilla Firefox or Microsoft Internet Explorer will allow
you to view the website without running the Python program
again. 


**Program Files**

1. entertainment_center.py
2. fresh_tomatoes.py
3. media.py
4. readme.txt


**Installing Python**

Prior to launching this program/website you must ensure that
you have Python installed on your operating system. In order
to accomplish this, you must first visit:

http://www.python.org

At this website, you can access the download section and 
download and install Python version 2.7.14. After you have
successfully installed Python, you may then launch the program
using the instructions below. 


**How to Launch Movie Trailer Website**

1. With Python Shell (IDLE) open on your desktop, go to File 
   > Open and choose the file named "entertainment_center.py"
2. In the window with entertainment_center.py open, select "run" 
   from the menu and then "run module." 
3. This will launch a movie website where you can view all of 
   my favorite trailers. Enjoy!


**Credits**

This Python code was written by Johnny J Mendoza. 

Email: JohnnyMendoza@gmail.com


**Copyright & License**

This program is Copyright 2017 - Johnny J Mendoza. I grant
anyone a license to use the program without royalties. 
The program is free to use and redistribute as long as 
it is not used commercially or for profit. 

If you intend to use it commercially, contact
Johnny J Mendoza for approval. 

JohnnyMendoza@gmail.com

Commit message:

Updated readme file to include additional file names

README.md, after:

# Movie-Trailer-Website

Python based webpage that displays movie trailers of my favorite movies. Once compiled, a static HTML file is created and can be launched independently to view the website.

**Detailed Overview**

This Python program will create a website with my favorite 
Movie posters that in turn launch movie trailers via Youtube 
when you run the media center file in Python's IDLE. After the 
program is run for the first time,
you will find an HTML file in the same folder as the program.
Launching this HTML file in your favorite browser such as
Mozilla Firefox or Microsoft Internet Explorer will allow
you to view the website without running the Python program
again. 


**Primary Files**

1. entertainment_center.py
2. fresh_tomatoes.py
3. media.py
4. readme.txt
5. README.md

**Additional Files Created After Compiling**

1. fresh_tomatoes.pyc
2. media.pyc
3. fresh_tomatoes.html

**Installing Python**

Prior to launching this program/website you must ensure that
you have Python installed on your operating system. In order
to accomplish this, you must first visit:

http://www.python.org

At this website, you can access the download section and 
download and install Python version 2.7.14. After you have
successfully installed Python, you may then launch the program
using the instructions below. 


**How to Launch Movie Trailer Website**

1. With Python Shell (IDLE) open on your desktop, go to File 
   then Open and choose the file named "entertainment_center.py"
2. In the window with entertainment_center.py open, select "run" 
   from the menu and then "run module." 
3. This will launch a movie website where you can view all of 
   my favorite trailers. Enjoy!


**Credits**

This Python code was written by Johnny J Mendoza. 

Email: JohnnyMendoza@gmail.com


**Copyright & License**

This program is Copyright 2017 - Johnny J Mendoza. I grant
anyone a license to use the program without royalties. 
The program is free to use and redistribute as long as 
it is not used commercially or for profit. 

If you intend to use it commercially, contact
Johnny J Mendoza for approval. 

JohnnyMendoza@gmail.com
